head	14.2;
access;
symbols
	rel-7-10-4:14.1
	STABLE:14.1.0.10
	stable-branch:14.1
	rel-7-10-2:14.1
	rel-7-10-0:14.1
	rel-7-8-4:14.1
	rel-7-8-2:14.1
	rel-7-8-0:14.1
	trimnurbs-branch:14.1.0.8
	help:14.1
	temp_tag:14.1
	bobWinPort-20051223-freeze:14.1
	postmerge-20051223-bobWinPort:14.1
	premerge-20051223-bobWinPort:14.1
	rel-7-6-6:14.1
	rel-7-6-4:14.1
	rel-7-6-2:14.1
	rel-7-6-branch:14.1.0.6
	rel-7-6-0:14.1
	rel-7-4-2:14.1
	rel-7-4-branch:14.1.0.4
	bobWinPort:14.1.0.2
	rel-7-4-0:14.1
	rel-7-2-6:14.1
	rel-7-2-4:14.1
	rel-7-2-2:14.1
	rel-7-2-0:14.1
	rel-7-0-4:14.1
	rel-7-0-2:14.1
	rel-7-0-1:14.1
	opensource-post:14.1
	opensource-pre:1.1
	rel-7-0-branch:1.1.0.2
	rel-7-0:1.1;
locks; strict;
comment	@# @;


14.2
date	2007.09.14.15.21.34;	author erikgreenwald;	state Exp;
branches;
next	14.1;

14.1
date	2004.11.16.19.42.18;	author morrison;	state Exp;
branches;
next	1.1;

1.1
date	2004.05.20.14.49.20;	author morrison;	state Exp;
branches;
next	;


desc
@@


14.2
log
@removed trailing whitespace
@
text
@# ----------------------------------------------------------------------
#  DEMO: finddialog in [incr Widgets]
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------
package require Iwidgets 4.0

#
# Demo script for the Finddialog class
#
proc find {} {
    if {! [winfo exists .findd]} {
	iwidgets::finddialog .findd -textwidget .st
    }

    .findd center .st
    .findd activate
}

iwidgets::scrolledtext .st -visibleitems 50x14 -wrap none
pack .st

button .findb -text "Press to Search Text" -command find
pack .findb -pady 5

.st insert end "
                    The Declaration of Independence
                   (Adopted in Congress 4 July 1776)

When, in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one
people to dissolve the political bonds which have connected them with
another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and
equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle
them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they
should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created
equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable
rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted
among men, deriving their just powers form the consent of the
governed. That whenever any form of government becomes destructive to
these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it,
and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such
principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. Prudence,
indeed, will dictate that governments long established should not be
changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience
hath shown that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are
sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which
they are accustomed.  But when a long train of abuses and usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them
under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to
throw off such government, and to provide new guards for their future
security. --Such has been the patient sufferance of these colonies;
and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their
former systems of government. The history of the present King of Great
Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having
in direct object the establishment of an absolute tyranny over these
states. To prove this, let facts be submitted to a candid world.

He has refused his assent to laws, the most wholesome and necessary
for the public good.

He has forbidden his governors to pass laws of immediate and pressing
importance, unless suspended in their operation till his assent should
be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend
to them.

He has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right of
representation in the legislature, a right inestimable to them and
formidable to tyrants only.

He has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,
uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public
records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with
his measures.

He has dissolved representative houses repeatedly, for opposing with
manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.

He has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause
others to be elected; whereby the legislative powers, incapable of
annihilation, have returned to the people at large for their exercise;
the state remaining in the meantime exposed to all the dangers of
invasion from without, and convulsions within.

He has endeavored to prevent the population of these states; for that
purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners;
refusing to pass others to encourage their migration hither, and
raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands.

He has obstructed the administration of justice, by refusing his
assent to laws for establishing judiciary powers.

He has made judges dependent on his will alone, for the tenure of
their offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.

He has erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither swarms of
officers to harass our people, and eat out their substance.

He has kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies without the
consent of our legislature.

He has affected to render the military independent of and superior to
civil power.

He has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to
our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his assent to
their acts of pretended legislation:

For quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:

For protecting them, by mock trial, from punishment for any murders
which they should commit on the inhabitants of these states:

For cutting off our trade with all parts of the world:

For imposing taxes on us without our consent:

For depriving us in many cases, of the benefits of trial by jury:

For transporting us beyond seas to be tried for pretended offenses:

For abolishing the free system of English laws in a neighboring
province, establishing therein an arbitrary government, and enlarging
its boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit
instrument for introducing the same absolute rule in these colonies:

For taking away our charters, abolishing our most valuable laws, and
altering fundamentally the forms of our governments:

For suspending our own legislatures, and declaring themselves invested
with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.

He has abdicated government here, by declaring us out of his
protection and waging war against us.

He has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burned our towns, and
destroyed the lives of our people.

He is at this time transporting large armies of foreign mercenaries to
complete the works of death, desolation and tyranny, already begun
with circumstances of cruelty and perfidy scarcely paralleled in the
most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the head of a civilized
nation.

He has constrained our fellow citizens taken captive on the high seas
to bear arms against their country, to become the executioners of
their friends and brethren, or to fall themselves by their hands.

He has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavored
to bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless Indian
savages, whose known rule of warfare, is undistinguished destruction
of all ages, sexes and conditions.

In every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress in
the most humble terms: our repeated petitions have been answered only
by repeated injury. A prince, whose character is thus marked by every
act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free
people.

Nor have we been wanting in attention to our British brethren. We have
warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to
extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. We have reminded them of
the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. We have
appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have conjured
them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these usurpations,
which, would inevitably interrupt our connections and
correspondence. We must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity, which
denounces our separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of
mankind, enemies in war, in peace friends.

We, therefore, the representatives of the United States of America, in
General Congress, assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the
world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name, and by the
authority of the good people of these colonies, solemnly publish and
declare, that these united colonies are, and of right ought to be free
and independent states; that they are absolved from all allegiance to
the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and
the state of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and
that as free and independent states, they have full power to levy war,
conclude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do all
other acts and things which independent states may of right do. And
for the support of this declaration, with a firm reliance on the
protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our
lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor.

New Hampshire: Josiah Bartlett, William Whipple, Matthew Thornton

Massachusetts: John Hancock, Samual Adams, John Adams, Robert Treat
Paine, Elbridge Gerry

Rhode Island: Stephen Hopkins, William Ellery

Connecticut: Roger Sherman, Samuel Huntington, William Williams,
Oliver Wolcott

New York: William Floyd, Philip Livingston, Francis Lewis, Lewis
Morris

New Jersey: Richard Stockton, John Witherspoon, Francis Hopkinson,
John Hart, Abraham Clark

Pennsylvania: Robert Morris, Benjamin Rush, Benjamin Franklin, John
Morton, George Clymer, James Smith, George Taylor, James Wilson,
George Ross

Delaware: Caesar Rodney, George Read, Thomas McKean

Maryland: Samuel Chase, William Paca, Thomas Stone, Charles Carroll of
Carrollton

Virginia: George Wythe, Richard Henry Lee, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin
Harrison, Thomas Nelson, Jr., Francis Lightfoot Lee, Carter Braxton

North Carolina: William Hooper, Joseph Hewes, John Penn

South Carolina: Edward Rutledge, Thomas Heyward, Jr., Thomas Lynch,
Jr., Arthur Middleton

Georgia: Button Gwinnett, Lyman Hall, George Walton
"
@


14.1
log
@dawn of a new revision.  it shall be numbered 14 to match release 7.  begin the convergence by adding emacs/vi local variable footer blocks to encourage consistent formatting.
@
text
@d13 1
a13 1
    
@


1.1
log
@Sources that are external to BRL-CAD are moved from the top level to src/other/.
@
text
@@

